#Additional Questions
* You say 'Agile,' I think of the software development strategy that includes Scrum teams and sprints, is responsive to change, and is focused on creating working software quickly and efficiently. 
* You say 'DevOps,' I think of merging software development and operations/IT teams, as the term 'DevOps' suggests, so that they are able to build and test software quickly. 
* You say 'C++," I think of how it is based on C, but allows for object oriented programming.
* You say 'Internship,' I think of an opportunity that is often a couple of months that allows student and entry-level workers to develop and deepen their skills and knowledge by working on real projects while under the guidance of other, more experienced professionals. 
* One of my biggest programming pet peeves includes improper formatting, lack of commenting in the code, nondescriptive variable names, or basically anything that makes the code unnecessarily unreadable. 
* The people who have most influenced me were my colleagues from my job last summer at UW Athletics because they changed the way I thought about what it means to be a programmer. Coming into my first job surrounded by older and more experienced developers, I had assumed that they would never need any help from me. However, there were many situations in which I was able to offer solutions to them and vice versa. I realized that becoming a better programmer does not mean I will have the answers to every issue that arises and that collaboration is very useful in problem solving. 
* My prior experience in both the classroom and in a job setting as well as my strong desire to improve as a developer would allow me to use the skills that I already possess and quickly learn any new skills required by this position to complete projects efficiently and effectively. I am committed to personal and professional growth and to helping find solutions to problems that will ultimately have a positive impact on our community, so this mentality me would make me a great addition to the SOLIDWORKS team. 
